Design measurements:
Layout margins:
    Start and End: 16dp
    Margin between elements: 20dp
    Standard (minimum) margin top and bottom: 20dp

Layout text sizes:
    Title: 26sp
    Main description: 20sp

Buttons:
    Width: match_parent
    Height: 50dp
    TextSize: 16sp
    Color: color primary

TextEditLayout:
    Width: match_parent
    Height: 50dp
    textSize: 16sp

WARNING text color:
    android:textColor="@android:color/holo_red_light"


TODO:
Priority:
1. photo not being saved if a new recipe is added when offline.
   photo not being deleted in firebase if a recipe is deleted when offline.


Individual recipe:
1. Add more properties in a recipe: Time.
2. Functionality to increase/decrease portions and then the ingredients needed should be changed proportionally. 
   Also possibility to alter the amount of one ingredient, and the rest should change to be proportional.
3. Possibility to remove picture.
4. Improve how instructions are being added and visualized. Introduce steps. 
   Each step is one box of information, and so on.
5. Implement Favorite. OR rating?
   Involves implementing a Favorite tab. Or Filter functionality.

Recipe menu:
1. Add favorite tab. OR rating?
2. Add filter functionality.

Performance improvement:
1. Look into: "I/Choreographer: Skipped 62 frames!  The application may be doing too much work on its main thread."
2. Handle loading all tabs at start better.

Firebase:
1. Try testing it offline. Going from online to offline and vice versa...
2. Require double password entry for cases like change password, and sign up.
3. Implement profile picture.
4. Improve how recipes are saved. Currently, the entire list is saved/loaded for every save/load.
   Only the saved/loaded recipe should be involved in a save/load.

Design:
- Everything needs to be better looking...

Other sections of the app:
Tbd1
- Todo list?
- Shopping list? What you have at home list?
- Available ingredients at home, and recommend recipes for you?

